MAN: You got any
jumper cables?
It won't start.
(breathing heavily)
Hey, sis.
Good run?
I'm not your sister.
Okay, foster sister.
Like that better,
anyways.
So many more possibilities.
You are such a perv.
You so read things
into what I say.
I don't think so.
Now, if you don't mind...
Only if you close those blinds.
(door slams)
(computer trilling)
(gasps)
Hey.
Hey. There you are.
We just got back to Phoenix.
Wait. Wait. Don't...
Let me look at you.
My twin sister.
I still cannot get over this.
Oh, it's been three months.
Just get over it. (laughing)
I just can't wait
to finally meet you.
Hey, and now that you're home...
I know, I know,
I'm really excited, too,
but you understand
why we have to wait.
Yeah, I know. You're searching
for our real parents.
And if it wasn't
for that search,
I never would have found you.
Yeah.
What?
Just... the couple
that adopted you
sound really cool.
I mean,
they obviously love you.
Then why did they lie to me?
Well, maybe they're just
trying to protect you.
No. They want to protect
themselves, okay?
They lied; they knew that I had
a twin and they didn't tell me.
Why wouldn't they just tell me?
You know what?
No, I'm going to tell you why.
Because they did
something horrible,
Emma, but it's fine,
because I'm back,
and I'm on it, and soon enough,
I'm going to find out
the answers.
Okay.
I always say,
"Hope is grief's best music."
That's really brilliant, Emma.
You got the smart half
of the embryo, didn't you?
It's something I read
in a book.
Who are you talking to?
None of your business!
♪ Lying Game 01x01 ♪
Pilot
Original Air Date on August 15, 2011
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
(doorbell rings)
Hey, Laurel,
welcome home.
Is Sutton here?
Luke, I'm afraid
I have bad news.
Sutton was killed in a tragic
barge accident on the Seine,
making me the last
available Mercer female.
Laurel, stop!
Luke, don't listen to her.
I wouldn't think of it,
Mrs. Mercer.
Welcome home.
How was Paris?
I had a wonderful time.
Ah.
Nearly perfect.
Do you believe Sutton turned
down our day at the museum?
Don't start, Mom.
Hey.
You can still go with Laurel.
LAUREL:
Yeah, absolutely.
Besides, I'm sure
you and Luke have a lot of,
you know...
catching up to do.
Hey, Luke.
Hey. Nice to see you.
Good summer?
Oh, it was pretty boring
without Sutton around,
but what are
you gonna do?
Okay, I'm gonna go, 'cause
this is really weird.
I'm going to Char's
house; she's having
a welcome home thing
going for me.
Luke.
See ya.
Everything unpacked?
Mm.
(door closes)
My mistake,
discussing things
Honey...
in front of the boyfriend.
Daughters pull away
from their mothers.
That's a natural part
of growing up.
We did the right thing.
We did all we could.
I hope so.
Whoa, whoo!
(laughs)
I missed you.
Me, too.
Really?
'Cause I barely heard from you.
I just... It was crazy busy,
and I got distracted.
But even before you left,
you were acting kind of weird.
Look, it's... just something
I need to work out on my own.
You get that, right?
Okay, so, if it's okay,
I need a girlfriend fix.
See you tomorrow?
(grunting)
Kind of a waste
of time, isn't it?
Your school doesn't
even have a tennis team.
And even if it
did, it's not...
What's the idea?
Bash it hard enough,
you escape this messed-up life?
Don't touch me.
Why not?
Emma, you need to, like,
accept your situation here.
In my mind...
You don't have a mind.
There's five and a half inches
between your ears,
and it's basically empty.
So just stay the hell
away from me.
WOMAN: Emma! Travis!
Get in here!
$500,
including a hundred-dollar tip
signed by none other
than Mr. Bruce Willis himself.
Who got into my kitty?
Ma, I didn't even know you had a kitty.
Emma?
Oh, I get it.
I-I see what this is.
Yeah, you're a klepto.
Ma. check her backpack.
Think I will.
Clarice, don't
you get it?
He took your money; he
takes it all the time.
"To my lucky penny, Clarice.
Love, Bruce Willis."
He took it.
You are so full of it.
Be quiet, both of you.
Social Services said
if anything like this happens,
I'm supposed to call the cops.
And that's just what
I think I'm going to do.
Watch her, Travis.
GIRL:
Ah, love it.
The outfit, the hair...
Good old Sutton.
We barely survived without you,
right, Mads?
Somehow we managed.
Hi.
We just missed having
our "orifice."
Actually,
that's "oracle."
I'm sure you guys
were great without me.
Hey, Char,
how's your mom?
Oh, great.
Out of rehab.
Detoxing.
Getting lots of sleep.
So no change,
in other words.
It's okay.
And if you want
to talk about it...
No way. I'm not going
to let it get me down.
School's about to start,
Sutton's back,
all's right with the world.
How's Thayer?
You talk to him, right?
Ah, occasionally.
What about you?
Yeah. Couple times.
He seems to
really like L.A.
Well, freaks me out Thayer
would just leave like that.
I mean, you and your brother
were so close, Mads.
WOMAN:
Chars, come here!
Duty calls.
Yikes.
Um...
I found it
in the back of a drawer,
and I don't recognize the place.
This was up in the hills.
Um... hiking trip,
I think.
You must've been
sick or something.
So, I gotta ask...
you and Thayer...
you were never more than
just friends, right?
Please. No.
He's your brother.
I mean, he's
like my brother.
Sorry.
Just curious.
It's okay.
Wait here.
I'll go get them.
That didn't take long.
Ma's going to give them
an earful.
You know, I still might
be able to help you out here.
Promise me a little action,
and I can make those cops
go away.
I mean, you are getting kind
of close to three strikes.
(grunts)
(groans)
Ma, she's going out
the backdoor.
(Emma panting)
(grunts)
(engine accelerating)
(police siren chirps)
POLICE OFFICER (over speaker):
Stop right there!
You just ditched him?
SUTTON:
Luke can wait.
I wanted to be with
my best friends.
But, God,
Luke's, like, your boyfriend.
I know that.
So do you want
to break up with him,
are you cheating, or both?
None of the above.
So...
Come on, share.
It's complicated.
I found something
out, and it
may be the first thing
I can't share with you guys.
(phone chimes)
I have to
take this.
Sounds like family stuff.
It's always
family stuff.
Emma, what's up?
I'm coming to Phoenix tonight.
There's an all-night bus.
Whoa, back up.
Look, my pervy foster brother
set me up
and said I was stealing.
I have nowhere else to go.
Sutton?
Sutton, are you there?
Yeah, just thinking.
I know that you said
that you didn't want
to spring this
on your adopted family, but...
N-No, that's okay,
we'll work it out.
What time does your bus get in?
8:50 a.m.
Okay, yeah, I'll be there
to pick you up at the station.
(bus engine starts)
I got to go.
Let me get that bag for you.
Okay, that sounds good, I'll see you.
(woman speaking Spanish)
Yeah, sorry, just give me a minute.
(woman laughs)
Okay, guys.
(indistinct chatter)
(garbled radio transmission)
(gasps)
It's you.
It's me in the flesh.
On the computer, it just
never felt real, you know?
Yeah, I know.
Everything about us
it the same:
the hair and the eyes.
Look, we don't have
a lot of time.
For what?
Okay, I can't go
into detail,
but last night, I got a
lead on our real parents.
What, you found them?
I don't know.
There've been a lot of dead ends
till now.
But here's the problem:
this lead leads to Los Angeles.
So you want me to go to L.A.?
No. I'm gonna go to L.A.
and you're gonna stay
here and cover for me.
My adoptives would
never get this.
They would just freak out
and blow everything.
WOMAN:
Hello?
(clattering)
Just a minute.
We need to change clothes.
Wait a minute.
Let me get this straight.
You-you-you want me
to take your place?
Two days. Just hang out,
relax, enjoy.
You said you envy
everything I've got.
I never really said "envy."
Look, you're in this trouble,
right?
So what better place
to hide out?
Like I said this summer,
my sister's totally annoying
and my parents lied to me.
Anything else you need to know
is on my computer.
Has my whole life
on that thing.
Oh...
Take this.
The other key to
me-- my phone.
I have so wanted one of these.
Okay, well, that was envy.
Oh, I do this hair flip thing.
So, like this?
I don't even know your address.
My BMW's in the parking lot.
Nav system has my address.
Just push "preset one,"
she'll take you right home.
So I just... be you.
Mm-hmm.
Don't say anything
to anybody,
especially my so-called parents.
Look, I'm gonna find
our real parents.
I'm gonna find the truth.
Come her
(trash can clatters)
BOTH:
Dude! A little privacy?
So, in two days
we'll meet up at the cabin.
"Preset four"
on the nav system.
10:00 p.m., two days only,
I promise.
If I had a day with you...
Yeah, this L.A. thing
can't wait.
Oh, and the boyfriend sitch,
you should really know about
that-- it's complicated.
Hey, look,
I'm gonna call ya, okay?
WOMAN: All right, have a great trip.
Call me.
(car alarm chirps)
(chuckles)
(COMPUTER VOICE)
After 600 feet, turn left.
You have arrived.
Oh, my God.
Sutton, there you are.
Sure came home
late last night.
Then out again first thing
this morning at... Oh!
I got it.
Um, where should I put this?
Where it always goes.
Thank you, Sutton.
Sorry about this morning.
I just had stuff
I had to do.
What, pawning
Grandma's necklace?
Oh, my God,
I don't think
I've ever seen you without it.
Luke probably took
it off last night
to give you a proper
"Welcome home" hickey.
By the way, Mads asked me
to swim with you guys.
She can't wait to see
r new bikinis.
Don't suppose
I can have a ride.
Yeah, I guess.
Hey, look, I'm sure that
the necklace will turn up.
I hope so.
Something happened to it,
your grandmother
will be devastated.
And we would never hear
the end of it.
Bunch of shirts if anybody's
going by the dry cleaners.
It has to wait till Monday.
Unless,
Sutton, on your way...
Sure, no problem.
Oh, my God, that's twice.
Laurel...
Anything else you need me to do?
Okay, that's it.
Who are you and what have
you done with my daughter?
(chuckles)
I'm off.
See ya.
Have a good day.
(phone chimes)
Hello. Hey.
(sighs)
"Wear your bikini."
Oh, you've got to be kidding me.
Okay.
Okay, Emma,
let's channel Sutton.
Sutton, Sutton, Sutton.
Char.
Mads.
Those shoes, I love them.
Oh, pocket change.
Paris? Paris was just...
Paris... (laughs)
Okay. (laughs)
(breathy laugh)
Luke. Luke. Luke.
Luke. Luke. Lukey.
Yo!
Oh, hi!
We better get going
if you're still taking me.
(quietly):
Okay.
You drive.
I'm sorry. What did you say?
You have your permit, right?
And you know the way to Mads'
house and the dry cleaners.
I know I probably said I'd never
let you drive my car.
Actually, you said "Never sit
in it," but not arguing.
Not saying a word.
Hey!
Hey, Laurel,
where's Sutton?
Right over there.
CHAR:
Cute cover-up.
You get that in Paris?
And when did you get
so modest?
CHAR:
Ooh-la-la!
Stylish, sexy, sophisticated
and oh, so chic.
You look great, babe.
Thanks.
You had a good summer?
Yeah, we kinda went over
that last night.
Right. Last night.
(phone chimes)
Hold on.
Hello?
It's me. Can you talk?
Not really.
It's going okay?
Sort of.
Good, 'cause it's going well here.
Who's that?
I set up a meeting...
I gotta go. Call me later?
When I get a chance.
Remember, two days, the cabin.
My mom. Sorry.
What were we saying?
I've just been
really distracted.
I know. That's what you also
said last night.
See? I'm so distracted,
I completely forgot
about that. Sorry.
But, hey, you look beautiful.
Thanks.
BOTH:
What did he say?
He said I am beautiful.
Aw.
Aw, you guys are so back.
I was worried there
for a second.
MADS: I dunno, Char,
kinda got
the feeling there's something
Sutton's not telling us.
Well, come on.
You know what they say.
Boyfriend sitches,
always complicated.
Always complicated.
(laughter)
(laughter continues)
(screams)
Huge party at my place
two nights from now.
It's mostly seniors,
but you guys can come.
Nisha, don't exactly remember
inviting you.
Look who's finally home.
How's the knee, Sutton?
It's good.
Ready to take you down, Nisha.
(scoffs)
Wow. Shaking in my Nikes.
Is that a challenge, Sutton?
I-I guess it is.
Well, you sure went down easily
last year.
You know, people are
still saying you faked
the knee
to avoid the humiliation.
We'll just see what happens.
How about tomorrow,
first day of practice,
you against me.
Then we'll see
who's number one.
You're on.
Good.
Have a nice day.
You okay?
Yeah.
(motorcycle approaching)
I'll be ready for her.
Nice work, babe.
It's about time someone
stood up to her.
Have Mom and Dad ever talked
about my adoption?
You're kidding, right?
I mean, anything more
than what they always say.
Right, that they chose you
and that makes you special.
Me, the big surprise, comes
along, like, ten months later.
I read this thing
that said the baby
of the family
always craves attention,
which is why we tend to be
so obnoxious.
I just think they aren't
telling us everything.
Of course they're not--
they're parents.
I'm getting the distinct
sense of déjà vu.
That conversation
on the plane home,
you asked, "Who has a child
and just gives it away?"
Obviously you were talking about
who gave you up.
Yeah, I'm sure I was.
Well, I'd imagine whoever it was
could see into the future,
and knew what a nightmare
you'd turn into.
(laughs)
Oh, ho, ho.
(text alert tone sounds)
Changed your tone.
I like it.
(door closing)
(recording):
Please enter your password.
You have one new message.
(tone beeps)
Hey, Emma, Travis here.
Thought you'd want to know
you're in some serious trouble.
Ma's pushing the assault charge.
Cops took like a million
pictures of my face.
Not smart running
the way you did.
So where exactly are you?
(door opens, closes)
You okay?
Yeah. I thought I just saw
someone out there, but...
I don't know, I
must've imagined it.
I was kind of talking
in general. Sit.
You've been
a little different
since we got back.
So people have
been telling me.
Well, if it matters
or not, I like it.
You do?
Yeah.
It's nice to know
we have each other
to rely on.
How Brady Bunch was that?
I loved that show.
You hated it.
Well, I'm a teenager.
I'm allowed to change my mind.
You know what I mean
though, right?
A family is a great thing.
Yeah.
It's what I wanted
my whole life.
It's what you've had
your whole life.
Right.
You know, when you were a kid,
it was right about now
that you would ask for a hug.
Am I too old now?
Mmm.
You go to bed soon, okay?
You have a big day tomorrow.
Good night.
First day of school.
And you're still asleep.
Figured you'd
already be dressed.
The whole school's going
to be dying to see
what what Sutton Mercer
is wearing.
Little curious, myself.
Better hurry.
You said this would be
fun, Sutton.
It finally is.
These are amazing.
Last time I made you pancakes,
you refused to touch them.
Pancakes--
strictly verboten
on the Sutton lean, mean,
fighting machine diet.
Oh. Well, I guess pancakes
are my new tofu.
The miracle was getting you
to sit still long enough
for that photo.
I was a fussy baby.
Very defiant.
Did you guys want one kid
or two?
I, uh... I don't...
I just meant, was I supposed
to be an only child?
Yes. We adopted you,
and then Laurel was a surprise.
It was supposed
to be impossible.
Just like that,
you had the complete family.
Look...
I mean, think about it--
you could be living
just about anywhere.
Yeah, I think
I did okay,
considering
the alternative.
I mean, if no one
adopted me.
Really? Are there
still orphanages?
I think some.
I think it's mostly
foster families
and I heard that those
can get pretty awful.
(garbled radio transmission)
Ah, yes, Scottsdale's own
Ethan Whitehorse.
Most likely guy in high school
to get into serious trouble,
and most unlikely guy
to have a brother who's a cop.
All right, later, sis.
If I don't see you,
good luck against Nisha.
Thanks.
(indistinct chatter)
GIRL:
Dude, you can't park there.
BOY: We're going out
for lunch today, right?
I can't, I have
detention.
Oh, that's weak.
Hey, Sutton.
Hi.
Love the shoes.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Hey, Sutton.
Hey, girl.
Hey.
Hey, cute.
Thanks.
So, out of the blue, my mom
has, like, this "lurid" moment
and starts going on about you.
I think
you mean "lucid."
Your mom was
talking about me?
It was weird.
I still can't get over
the fact they all went
to high school together--
our parents.
Too bad
they don't still get along.
Not like us.
Friends for life,
right, Sutton?
For life.
Babe.
Hmm?
What, are we just going
to give up our table?
No. No.
(indistinct chatter)
(sighs)
GIRL: I think they got
back together.
Am I nuts or are people
staring at us?
Yeah, I guess.
Everyone's wondering if
we're still a couple.
How do you know that?
Just stuff I heard.
Oh.
So are we still a couple?
'Cause, I don't know,
sometimes I kind of think
that you take
us for granted.
Luke...
I really appreciate you
and... I appreciate this
and I would be crazy
to take it for granted.
You're looking at me
the way you used to.
I...
Come on.
Follow me.
Now, this, I didn't
want anyone to see.
With everything that's
been going on, I just...
I haven't been able
to say what I wanted
to say for two days.
I'm glad you're
back, Sutton.
Thanks.
It's really weird. I...
I feel like there is something
you're not telling me.
Actually, there's something
that you can tell me.
How the hell am I going to
survive against Nisha today?
(chuckles)
Oh, well, uh...
you've got a great
backhand, so use it,
and, hey,
don't forget,
you're better than
you think you are.
(whistling, cheering,
and applause)
(grunting)
(both grunting)
(cheering and applause)
Yes.
Okay, are you, like,
Humpty Dumpty or something?
Because every time
I see you, you're on a wall.
And you know what?
If Luke knew
that you were
stalking me,
he'd be really pissed.
Stalking you?
What else would you call it?
(scoffs) I guess just
about anything else.
Hey, that was you
last night outside my window,
wasn't it?
Of course it was.
Hey, where's your gym bag?
Huh?
Probably left it
on the courts.
(sighs) That was like
every day last year.
That's horrible--
actually kissing.
And I know that you like Luke,
and I do too.
It's just...
do I confront him?
Well, yeah.
I mean, you can't let
someone do that to you,
and the alternative would be
to pretend
you didn't see anything.
It's...
Right.
And leaving something
out isn't a lie.
Some people say that.
I think a lie's a lie,
but if the reasons
are reasonable,
then maybe you can
forgive the lie.
Your father and I
love you so much, Sutton.
We chose you.
We would do
anything for you.
And... I think...
I think that's all that matters.
It is.
And I know I haven't
really appreciated all
that you guys have done.
You and Dad.
But I just need you to know
that no matter what happens,
I love you.
I love you both, and...
I'm sorry for the way
that I've... been.
Or...
the way that I think
I was this summer.
I'm so sorry, too.
What's the point?
10:00 p.m.
it's all over.
What happens
at 10:00 p.m.
Is this a Cinderella thing?
I should just tell you.
Tell me what?
(footsteps approach)
You're not dressed.
Don't say you're not going.
All of Arroyo High knows
you kicked Nisha's ass, and
they want to see the fireworks.
Sounds like she's got
someplace else to be.
CHAR:
What is wrong with you guys?
So what if it's Nisha-Lucretia,
it's still a party.
With seniors,
glorious seniors.
You guys are amazing,
you know that. Right?
You're really scaring me,
Sutton.
Now, get dressed so we can go.
Why don't you go pick something
out of my closet?
You know it better than I do.
(people talking, laughing)
(indistinct conversations)
GIRL:
Char!
Hey!
(overlapping greetings, talking)
Thought we were coming
together to this.
Came with my friends.
Okay. You want to explain this?
What?
This. The cold shoulder.
Sorry, Luke.
Guess I'm just having a little
trouble trusting you right now.
LUKE:
Hey, hey,
babe, babe.
Just come here.
Stop.
I saw you with Nisha.
Okay?
At the tennis courts?
So how long has that been
going on? All summer?
Or just since I've been back?
Sutton...
I'm going to vote "all summer."
Sutton, you were avoiding me.
You were, you were distracted.
So what was that today?
Your lips just accidentally
ran into Nisha's?
Baby, she kissed me.
And I-I told her it was over,
and it was a summer thing,
and that you and I
had talked.
Remember?
The auditorium?
He doesn't give
a crap about you.
You won nothing today.
You got lucky.
You have never been in my
league, and you never will be.
Oh, you know what, Nisha?
I have known people
like you my entire life.
In fact, I have actually wanted
to be like you at one point,
but all you do
is put people down,
and somehow
you think that makes you
better than anybody else.
At least it doesn't
make me a poser.
What?
Truth is...
you were abandoned,
Sutton.
Even your real mother
didn't want you.
(kids exclaiming)
NISHA:
Get her out of here!
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Now!
NISHA: Or I swear to God
I call the cops!
That was beautiful.
Where you going?
I'll come with.
I'm good.
I'm just going to go home.
Good night.
Mads...
See you later.
Sure.
I'm really tired
of this game.
No! Get out of my car. Get out.
I didn't even know you were here.
Yeah, you didn't look.
Humpty was on the wall.
I knew it.
You're not Sutton.
I'm right, aren't I?
You're someone else.
You're a pain in my ass.
See, Sutton would
never say that.
Shut up.
Or that.
Go away.
Or that!
I am Sutton.
S-U-T-T...
(sighs)
Just forget it. Forget it.
All right. If you're
Sutton, fine. Prove it.
Prove you're Sutton.
Answer me one question.
Who's your boyfriend?
Luke Coburn is my boyfriend.
Or at least was.
Or never was.
I'm Sutton's boyfriend.
Sutton and I
have been seeing each other
for nearly a year.
We texted the entire time
she was in Paris
and Skyped and talked.
You know,
I had a feeling
about you
first time I saw you.
Then on the court
with Nisha,
then you accuse me
of being a stalker,
and that kiss just now--
you might look like her...
you don't kiss like her.
You done?
Soon as you tell me
where the real Sutton is.
You're looking at her,
and now you're looking
at her walking away.
(engine starts)
(car drives away)
(door creaks)
Sutton?
Sutton.
(rattling)
So you ready to tell me who
you are, where you've come from,
and what the hell you've done
with Sutton?
All right, I can go
to Sutton's parents
if that's what
you want,
or my brother, the cop.
All right... I'm not Sutton.
I am her twin sister Emma.
My name is Emma Becker.
Oh, God,
you have no idea
how many times
I have wanted to say that
in the last two days.
We switched places
when I got here.
(laughs)
Man, two whole days.
You fooled
everyone.
Except you.
All it took was a kiss.
So you're running
from the law
in Nevada.
That explains why you're
here, but the switch...
Sutton didn't want
me to tell anybody,
especially her family.
This has to do with her search for
her real parents, doesn't it?
She told you?
I know she's been
looking into it,
and I'm guessing,
except for you,
I am the only other
person who knows.
So, what's it like being Sutton?
Well, let's see.
I broke up
with her fake boyfriend,
I accused her real boyfriend
of being a stalker.
With her parents, I tried
to help, except that backfired,
and... well, at least
with her sister,
I think I managed
to actually fix something.
She said her whole life
is on her computer,
and I went through
that thing over and over again.
Guess she had a lot of secrets.
She said
that she'd be here at 10:00.
I don't know why she wouldn't
call if she got delayed
or e-mail or text or--
I have her phone-- I had it.
Sutton was always
losing it, too.
This switch was
really important to her.
That's why I've done everything
that I can to make it work.
Then you have to keep it up.
We both do.
So I go on
being Sutton.
Until she
comes back.
I got home first, and
the alarm was going off.
TED: Alarm company said
it went off at exactly 10:15.
What's going on?
Oh, thank God.
Where were you?
I went for a walk
and I left my
phone in my car.
Someone broke into the house,
into your room.
We think maybe
Laurel scared them away.
We need to take a look around,
see if anything's missing.
(sighs)
The laptop's gone.
Is that it?
Looks like it.
Also, according
to Madeline Rybak,
you left
the party early.
Where were you, Sutton?
KRISTIN: I don't care
where you were.
As long as you're safe,
it's all that matters to me.
God,
what would I ever do
without my Sutton?
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
(RADIO ANNOUNCER)
Cool night here in L.A.
This is
for all the lonely people.
(car door opens and closes)
(gasps)